Guidelines update (#2124)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: doc/GUIDELINES.md

- List matches in the `{{ card() }}` block. A separate document describes how it works.
- An event needs more than one link to prove it happened - something other than Cagematch.
- List references in the following order: Cagematch event page, paid video, free video, other links. See [PpW Miasto Bezprawia](https://tpwres.pl/e/ppw/2024-02-10-ppw-miasto-bezprawia/#references) for an example.
- Build-up should be written from the perspective of the present looking towards the future event ("Wrestler X challenged Wrestler Y to a Winner Takes All Match. If Wrestler X loses, he will lose the title and leave the promotion").

> - Any notes/segement descriptions in the card should be written entirely in the present ("Wrestler X talks about his career path, shows respect to Wresler Y").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Any notes/segment descriptions in the card should be written entirely in the present ("Wrestler X talks about his career path, shows respect to Wrestler Y").
```
